Create ui-c8y-1024-10-8-device-control-always-shows-operation-description-graft-release-cd.md (#4993)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1024-10-8-device-control-always-shows-operation-description-graft-release-cd.md

---
date: ""

> title: Device control always shows operation description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Device Control tab now shows operation description as title
```

> title: Device Control tab now shows operation description as title

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Device control tab now shows operation description as title
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-5726
version: 1024.10.8
---

> Fixed an issue where the Device Control tab displayed the raw command text instead of the operation description as the operation title. Shell operations now always set the command text as the operation description.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Device control** tab displayed the raw command text instead of the operation description as the operation title. This issue has been fixed. Shell operations now always set the command text as the operation description.
```

> When viewing device operations in the Device Control interface, the operation description was always displayed regardless of user preference or configuration settings. This caused the interface to appear cluttered and made it difficult to focus on the essential operation details. The operation description is now only displayed when appropriate, allowing you to have a cleaner view of your device operations and better control over the information displayed in the Device Control interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the Device Control tab displayed the raw command text instead of the operation description as the operation title. Shell operations now always set the command text as the operation description.
```
